Update settingsmenu.rst for new sshd_config overrides (#660)
opnsense/docs: source/manual/settingsmenu.rst

Public key signature algorithms                The signature algorithms that are used for public key authentication
============================================== ========================================================================

.................................
Secure Shell - Advanced Settings
.................................

> To configure options that are not available in the gui one can add custom configuration files on the firewall itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure options that are not available in the GUI one can add custom configuration files on the firewall itself.
```

> Files can be added in :code:`/usr/local/etc/ssh/sshd_config.d/`. The extension of the file does not matter - all are included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files can be added in :code:`/usr/local/etc/ssh/sshd_config.d/` using the :code:`.conf` file extension.
```

> When more files are placed inside the directory, they will be included in alphabetical order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When more files are placed inside the directory, they will be included in alphabetical order.
The custom configuration files are included first to provide proper overrides to options normally set by the system.
```

.. Warning::

>     It is the sole responsibility of the administrator which places a file in the extension directory to ensure that the configuration is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    It is the responsibility of the administrator to ensure that the configuration is
```
